Thank you all for your contributions to the group over the years
I hope you will continue to speak in the days to come
thank you all
Let’s talk about the people who walked away together.
Director Lin, it only took you three months
Just take Yao Yao Yuju’s Lingshi Enterprise
Make him stronger
It also supports the company's several hundred yuan workers.
Now the outside world is saying
You are as good a business chess player as any man
You are the strong one
Of course my daughter is the best female overall
Mom, why are you here?
I want to come and tell you
The National Chamber of Commerce will still start tomorrow
I inquired
this meeting
Even the big shot like Beijiang God King came back and fell.
So there’s half a chance this time
let me remind you
Don't let the overly rich guy from Zhantian City follow you.
You hurry up and drink for the wedding ceremony
You are now respected
Now that he has become your invincible I know
He is no longer on the same level as me now
I will find time to marry him
We, Lin Jia, will leave for Shangjin now.
Mr. Xiao will come to pick us up in person
Don’t let Zhan Tiancheng know
What are you here for?
I'll come find one or two
Come with me to tomorrow's meeting to fight Tiancheng
do you know what you are talking about
You know, but Quanxiang personally invited
Do you have an invitation?
Also on the scene together
I'm afraid I won't even be able to get through the door.
my time is limited
Lande is talking nonsense to you
Principal what?
Aren’t you just relying on Lin Dongyang?
It's called a waste of money.
I still want to follow you to Beijing to meet you.
Director Lin has left long ago
Let me tell you straight
You're the only one who has no ability
A scoundrel who doesn't do anything
Director Lin will divorce you sooner or later
Mr. Lin’s family
Already following Xiao Dong
I went to Beijing in advance
What did you say